All right.
Welcome back my students.
So now that we have the image here it will be nice to display this image right.
We were able to move it to images folder we were able to put in a database but there comes a time when
we have to display.
Right so it would be nice to do that.
So let's go ahead and do that.
All right.
So let's say for example we go to what can we show this is going HTP now actually let's go to resources
and then views and polls and let's see if we can actually display it right here along with the post
.
All right.
So let's create a little deaf right here with a class of I don't know if Manch container or something
like that.
And then here we'll put an image here and we'll we'll put images and use blade and we'll see image path
or something like that.
All right.
This is a way we can display the image.
So let's go and go to pause for a quick and as you can see the image is there is huge.
But is there we were able to display it so we can give it a size so it doesn't bother us much.
Right of a hundred pixels and now the image should be smaller.
So you can see right here.
OK.
So what is the issue here.
Well the issues that we have to type in this static folder all the time.
All right everywhere.
So this is not very dynamic.
What we can do is we could go and use an accessor to access manipulated data before it comes here and
you add this directory you're ready.
All right.
We can do that or we can even do it as it will it mutated meaning that we can go ahead and manipulate
the data inside already.
I actually set this value inside the path column in the database before we get out.
So I think that sensor will be better because that way we don't have to be inputting these images name
in the column.
So let's go and use an accessory to do that.
So let's go to our post and we already have an accessory year right.
Actually we don't do it.
We don't have a here in these polls.
That's fine.
That's Let's create a sensor here.
All right.
It's a public function.
And we're going to do get the right path.
All right guys.
They call them names Remember we asked to use get Desta a mandatory keyword.
Then the column name own camel case.
OK guys starting with a lower case here.
So get path actually view Tootsie's has to be read in writing exactly like this to work.
Of course you need the value right here.
OK.
All right cool.
So once we have this or we have two those returned the data manipulated already right.
So now how can we manipulate this data.
Let's go and create a directory here.
A lot of directory a property so we say the rectory calls right now is just not in there.
OK but let's make sure there is public.
All right like this.
OK.
Direction or direction that wreck story.
There we go.
We're not going to sign it.
As a matter of fact let's assign it a value right away actually.
And that's just the images.
That's it.
All right.
So we could do that.
All we can even set it to pass.
Make a path whatever you want.
So I'm you say that right three years to make it more meaningful for you.
So we're going to do this return directory.
Actually let's do this this directory plus the value.
All right.
So now if I go to the polls to the end it's instead of doing these images here.
Now let me just show you that it doesn't work like this.
OK that's the image there.
And if I do refresh it's making me look really bad right now.
All because we have an access already so that where we can do it like this.
But if we didn't have the access or this is actually we have it right here right here.
Sorry guys.
So we don't have this.
I forgot to come in this out to show you.
We refresh it doesn't work well because we use this accessor.
Now we are able to do this.
All right.
And the good thing is that you can call or you can go in changes directory property anytime you want
now.
So for example in the future if you want to use a different directory for that you can do the you can
do that.
You can say directory one directory to whatever is more dynamic guys.
And now we just access this as properties instead of you know put in the hd a male name here or the
name of the folder right.
So I hope this lecture was very useful for you and you learn a lot.
Thank you so much guys.
You guys are a blessing for me.
And I'll see you in the next lecture